for the rescue team the day is far from
over
the female safely sleeping but they're
rushing to keep up with a male swinging
through the trees sharpshooter Miko has
his iron now and the male is in his
sights
oh whatever
I don't know yeah
but something doesn't seem quite right
what that ago
okay
this orangutan could do them all serious
harm but if the team do nothing and he
gets away he could be killed
my mother moaning thankfully a few
moments later the drugs really kick in
daddy you know this time he's fast
asleep find me the orangutan couple are
secured and the team can take them back
to the boat well away from danger
and to a safer area of forest